Chrysalis Docs - Style Guide and Diataxis Review II (#114)
iotaledger/chrysalis-docs: docs/libraries/wallet.md

- nodejs
- python
- client
- reference
---

# IOTA Wallet Library

> The wallet library is a stateful library for developers; essentially, it's a programmable wallet. However, if you are mainly using IOTA to transfer tokens, you should use this library as its stateful design adds support for the handling and monitoring of multiple accounts/addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wallet library is a stateful library for developers; essentially, it's a programmable wallet. However, if you use IOTA to transfer tokens, you should use this library as its stateful design supports handling and monitoring multiple accounts and addresses.
```

> Additionally, it also supports the [Stronghold.rs](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs) enclave, incorporating the best security practices in one package. You can read more about the [IOTA Wallet Library documentation in our wiki](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet.rs/welcome).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also supports the [Stronghold.rs](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs) enclave, incorporating the best security practices in one package. You can read more about the [IOTA Wallet Library documentation in our wiki](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet.rs/welcome).
```
